[MOPS-3235] Add documentation around unhealthy host detection (#8617)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/help_articles/api/webhook_connected_content_errors.md

| **502 Bad Gateway**           | The endpoint received an invalid response from the upstream server.                                                                                   |
| **503 Service Unavailable**   | The endpoint is currently unable to handle the request due to a temporary overload or maintenance.                                                    |
| **504 Gateway Timeout**       | The endpoint didn't receive a timely response from the upstream server.                                                                               |

> | **529 Host Overloaded**       | The endpoint host is overloaded and could not respond.
> | **598 Host Unhealthy**        | Braze simulated the response because the endpoint host temporarily is marked as unhealthy. See [Unhealthy host detection](#unhealthy-host-detection) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **529 Host Overloaded**       | The endpoint host is overloaded and could not respond. |
| **598 Host Unhealthy**        | Braze simulated the response because the endpoint host temporarily is marked as unhealthy. See [Unhealthy host detection](#unhealthy-host-detection) to learn more. |
```

- Review the error message for specific details available in the **Message Activity Log**. For webhooks, go to the **Performance Over Time** section on the Braze home page and select the statistics for webhooks. From here, you can find the timestamp that indicates when the errors occurred.
- Make sure you're not sending too many requests that overload the endpoint. You can send in batches or adjust the rate limit to check if this reduces any errors.

> ## Circuit breaker

Reviewer 2: Not sure whether all reader are familiar with concept of CB. Maybe better use something like "Unhealthy host detection"? This can make life easier for less technical reader.

Author: Thanks! Are you referring to any instance of "circuit breaker" in the text?

Author: I ended up changing the text, too, for the same principle. It should be obvious we're talking about the USPD here, which also helps to disambiguate what "circuit breaker" can mean.

> Braze webhooks and Connected Content employ a circuit-breaking mechanism when the target host experiences a high rate of significant slowness or overload resulting in timeouts, too many requests, or other outcomes that prevent Braze from successfully communicating with the target endpoint. In general, if the number of failures exceeds 3000 in any one-minute moving time window, Braze temporarily will halt requests to the target host for one minute, instead simulating responses with a `598` error code to indicate the failure. After one minute, Braze will resume requests at full speed if the host is found to be healthy. If the host is still unhealthy, Braze will wait another minute before trying again.

Reviewer 2: nit: maybe it makes sense to emphasize that we count failures on `host` level but not on `host + path` level? I think right now wording shows it in an non-ambiguous way, but I still can see customers asking clarification questions about it.

Author: Yes thanks, that makes a lot of sense!

- Review the error message for specific details available in the **Message Activity Log**. For webhooks, go to the **Performance Over Time** section on the Braze home page and select the statistics for webhooks. From here, you can find the timestamp that indicates when the errors occurred.
- Make sure you're not sending too many requests that overload the endpoint. You can send in batches or adjust the rate limit to check if this reduces any errors.

## Unhealthy host detection

Braze webhooks and Connected Content employ an unhealthy host detection mechanism to detect when the target host experiences a high rate of significant slowness or overload resulting in timeouts, too many requests, or other outcomes that prevent Braze from successfully communicating with the target endpoint. It acts as a safeguard to reduce unnecessary load that may be causing the target host to struggle. It also serves to stabilize Braze infrastructure and maintain fast messaging speeds.

> In general, if the number of **failures exceeds 3000 in any one-minute moving time window** (per unique combination of host name and app group - _not_ per endpoint path), Braze temporarily will halt requests to the target host for one minute, instead simulating responses with a `598` error code to indicate the poor health. After one minute, Braze will resume requests at full speed if the host is found to be healthy. If the host is still unhealthy, Braze will wait another minute before trying again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, if the number of **failures exceeds 3,000 in any one-minute moving time window** (per unique combination of host name and app group&#8212;**not** per endpoint path), Braze temporarily will halt requests to the target host for one minute, instead simulating responses with a `598` error code to indicate the poor health. After one minute, Braze will resume requests at full speed if the host is found to be healthy. If the host is still unhealthy, Braze will wait another minute before trying again.
```

The following error codes contribute to the unhealthy host detector failure count: `408`, `429`, `502`, `503`, `504`, `529`.

> For webhooks, Braze automatically will retry HTTP requests that were halted by the unhealthy host detector. This automatic retry uses exponential backoff and will retry only a few times before failing. For more information on webhook errors, please visit [this documentation page]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/creating_a_webhook#errors-retry-logic-and-timeouts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For webhooks, Braze will automatically retry HTTP requests that were halted by the unhealthy host detector. This automatic retry uses exponential backoff and will retry only a few times before failing. For more information on webhook errors, refer to [Errors, retry logic, and timeouts]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/creating_a_webhook#errors-retry-logic-and-timeouts).
```

> For Connected Content, if requests to the target host are halted by the unhealthy host detector, Braze will continue to render messages and follow your Liquid logic as if it received an error response code. If you wish to ensure that these Connected Content requests are retried when they are halted by the unhealthy host detector, use the `:retry` option. For more information on the `:retry` option, please visit [Connected Content retries]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/connected_content_retries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Connected Content, if requests to the target host are halted by the unhealthy host detector, Braze will continue to render messages and follow your Liquid logic as if it received an error response code. If you want to ensure these Connected Content requests are retried when they're halted by the unhealthy host detector, use the `:retry` option. For more information on the `:retry` option, see [Connected Content retries]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/connected_content/connected_content_retries).
```

> If you believe the unhealthy host detection is causing you problems, please contact Braze support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe the unhealthy host detection is causing issues, contact [Braze Support]({{site.baseurl}}/support_contact/).
```
